and the Lord visited Sara as he had
and the Lord visited Sara as he had sinned and the Lord did for Sara as he
sinned and the Lord did for Sara as he
sinned and the Lord did for Sara as he had spoken the cell conceived and bore
had spoken the cell conceived and bore
had spoken the cell conceived and bore Abraham a son in his old age at the set
Abraham a son in his old age at the set
Abraham a son in his old age at the set time of which God had spoken to him and
time of which God had spoken to him and
time of which God had spoken to him and Abraham called the name of his son who
Abraham called the name of his son who
Abraham called the name of his son who was born to him whom Sara bore to him
was born to him whom Sara bore to him
was born to him whom Sara bore to him Isaac then Abraham circumcised his son
Isaac then Abraham circumcised his son
Isaac then Abraham circumcised his son Isaac when he was eight days old as God
Isaac when he was eight days old as God
Isaac when he was eight days old as God had commanded him now Abraham was 100
had commanded him now Abraham was 100
had commanded him now Abraham was 100 years old when his son Isaac was born to
years old when his son Isaac was born to
years old when his son Isaac was born to him God has made me laugh and all who
him God has made me laugh and all who
him God has made me laugh and all who hear will laugh with me who would have
hear will laugh with me who would have
hear will laugh with me who would have said to Abraham that Sarah what nursed
said to Abraham that Sarah what nursed
said to Abraham that Sarah what nursed children for I have borne him a son in
children for I have borne him a son in
children for I have borne him a son in his old age serve a child grew and was
his old age serve a child grew and was
his old age serve a child grew and was weaned and Abraham made a great feast on
weaned and Abraham made a great feast on
weaned and Abraham made a great feast on the same day that Isaac was weaned
and Sarah saw the son of Hagar the
and Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian whom she had borne to Abraham
Egyptian whom she had borne to Abraham
Egyptian whom she had borne to Abraham scoffing therefore she said to Abraham
scoffing therefore she said to Abraham
scoffing therefore she said to Abraham cast out this bondwoman and her son for
cast out this bondwoman and her son for
cast out this bondwoman and her son for the son of this bondwoman shall not be
the son of this bondwoman shall not be
the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son namely with Isaac and
heir with my son namely with Isaac and
heir with my son namely with Isaac and the matter was very displeasing in
the matter was very displeasing in
the matter was very displeasing in Abraham's sight because of his son but
Abraham's sight because of his son but
Abraham's sight because of his son but God said to Abraham do not let it be
God said to Abraham do not let it be
God said to Abraham do not let it be displeasing in your sight because of the
displeasing in your sight because of the
displeasing in your sight because of the land or because of your bond woman
land or because of your bond woman
land or because of your bond woman whatever Sarah has said to you listen to
whatever Sarah has said to you listen to
whatever Sarah has said to you listen to her voice for in Isaac your seed shall
her voice for in Isaac your seed shall
her voice for in Isaac your seed shall be called yet I will also make a nation
be called yet I will also make a nation
be called yet I will also make a nation of the son of the bondwoman because he
of the son of the bondwoman because he
of the son of the bondwoman because he is your seed sir Abraham rose early in
is your seed sir Abraham rose early in
is your seed sir Abraham rose early in the morning and took bread and a skin of
the morning and took bread and a skin of
the morning and took bread and a skin of water and putting it on her shoulder he
water and putting it on her shoulder he
water and putting it on her shoulder he gave it and the boy to Hagar and sent
gave it and the boy to Hagar and sent
gave it and the boy to Hagar and sent her away then she departed and wandered
her away then she departed and wandered
her away then she departed and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba and the
in the wilderness of Beersheba and the
in the wilderness of Beersheba and the water in the skin was used up and she
water in the skin was used up and she
water in the skin was used up and she placed the boy under one of the shrubs
then she went and sat down across from
then she went and sat down across from him at a distance of about a bow shot
him at a distance of about a bow shot
him at a distance of about a bow shot for she said to herself let me not see
for she said to herself let me not see
for she said to herself let me not see the death of the boy so she sat opposite
the death of the boy so she sat opposite
the death of the boy so she sat opposite him and lifted her voice and wept and
him and lifted her voice and wept and
him and lifted her voice and wept and God heard the voice of the land and the
God heard the voice of the land and the
God heard the voice of the land and the angel of God called to Hagar out of
angel of God called to Hagar out of
angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven and said to her what ails you
heaven and said to her what ails you
heaven and said to her what ails you Hagar
fear not for God has heard the voice of
fear not for God has heard the voice of the lad where he is
the lad where he is
the lad where he is arise lift up the lad and hold him with
arise lift up the lad and hold him with
arise lift up the lad and hold him with your hand for I will make him a great
your hand for I will make him a great
your hand for I will make him a great nation then God opened her eyes and she
nation then God opened her eyes and she
nation then God opened her eyes and she saw a well of water and she went and
saw a well of water and she went and
saw a well of water and she went and filled the skin with water and gave the
filled the skin with water and gave the
filled the skin with water and gave the lad a trip so God was with the lad and
lad a trip so God was with the lad and
lad a trip so God was with the lad and he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and
he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and
he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and became an archer he dwelt in the
became an archer he dwelt in the
became an archer he dwelt in the wilderness of paran and his mother took
wilderness of paran and his mother took
wilderness of paran and his mother took a wife fans from the land of Egypt
and it came to pass at that time that
and it came to pass at that time that Abimelech and FICO the commander of his
Abimelech and FICO the commander of his
Abimelech and FICO the commander of his army spoke to Abraham God is with you in
army spoke to Abraham God is with you in
army spoke to Abraham God is with you in all that you do
all that you do
all that you do now therefore swear to me by God that
now therefore swear to me by God that
now therefore swear to me by God that you will not deal falsely with me with
you will not deal falsely with me with
you will not deal falsely with me with my offspring or with my posterity but
my offspring or with my posterity but
my offspring or with my posterity but that according to the kindness that I
that according to the kindness that I
that according to the kindness that I have done to you you will do to me and
have done to you you will do to me and
have done to you you will do to me and to the land in which you have dwelt I
to the land in which you have dwelt I
to the land in which you have dwelt I will swear then Abraham rebuked
will swear then Abraham rebuked
will swear then Abraham rebuked Abimelech because of a well of water
Abimelech because of a well of water
Abimelech because of a well of water which abemolik servants had seized I do
which abemolik servants had seized I do
which abemolik servants had seized I do not know who has done this thing you did
not know who has done this thing you did
not know who has done this thing you did not tell me nor had I heard of it until
not tell me nor had I heard of it until
not tell me nor had I heard of it until today so Abraham took sheep and oxen and
today so Abraham took sheep and oxen and
today so Abraham took sheep and oxen and gave them to Abimelech and the two of
gave them to Abimelech and the two of
gave them to Abimelech and the two of them made a covenant and Abraham said
them made a covenant and Abraham said
them made a covenant and Abraham said seven ewe lambs of the flock by
seven ewe lambs of the flock by
seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves then Abimelech asked abraham
themselves then Abimelech asked abraham
themselves then Abimelech asked abraham what is the meaning of these seven ewe
what is the meaning of these seven ewe
what is the meaning of these seven ewe lambs which you have set by themselves
lambs which you have set by themselves
lambs which you have set by themselves you will take these seven ewe lambs from
you will take these seven ewe lambs from
you will take these seven ewe lambs from my hand but they may be my witness that
my hand but they may be my witness that
my hand but they may be my witness that I have done this well therefore he
I have done this well therefore he
I have done this well therefore he called that place Beersheba because the
called that place Beersheba because the
called that place Beersheba because the two of them swore an oath fair thus they
two of them swore an oath fair thus they
two of them swore an oath fair thus they made a covenant at Beersheba so abemolik
made a covenant at Beersheba so abemolik
made a covenant at Beersheba so abemolik rose with fico the commander of his army
rose with fico the commander of his army
rose with fico the commander of his army and they returned to the land of the
and they returned to the land of the
and they returned to the land of the Philistines then Abraham planted a
Philistines then Abraham planted a
Philistines then Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beersheba
tamarisk tree in Beersheba
tamarisk tree in Beersheba and they're called on the name of the
and they're called on the name of the
and they're called on the name of the Lord the everlasting God and Abraham
Lord the everlasting God and Abraham
Lord the everlasting God and Abraham stayed in the land of the Philistines
stayed in the land of the Philistines
stayed in the land of the Philistines many days
many days
many days [Music]